# Chapter One
On a cold winter morning, the warm sunlight filtered through the window, scattering across the room. Yin got up very early, busily packing up his things. It had been five years since Yin went to study in the United States alone, and he hadn't really gone back much. Now, he had graduated, and although his dream of becoming a scientist hadn't quite come true, he had landed a decent job. It was ordinary, but fulfilling. So, he thought it was time to make a trip back home. Moreover, a good friend from his hometown was getting married, and he ought to return to offer his congratulations.

"I'll probably come back after the Spring Festival, these clothes should be enough," Yin muttered to himself as he closed the closet door and began to look around his room, wondering what else he needed to take back with him. His gaze swept over to his desk, pausing at a prominent spot on the left where there was a group photo. The picture showed two children with the appearance of primary school students. On the right stood a short-haired girl wearing an oversized baseball cap, her right hand forming a 'V' sign, looking very lively and cute. In contrast, the boy on the left looked much more wooden, his smile somewhat stiff. This photo was the first one taken of Yin and Ye together, and Yin had kept it ever since. Looking at the 5-year-old version of himself in the photo and then glancing at the mirror beside him, Yin couldn't help but smile and think, "Would that silly little kid ever imagine he'd grow up to be someone like me?"

"Take it with me," Yin sighed, as if he had just been pondering a very serious question. He walked over to the desk, pulled the photo out of the frame, and placed it in his wallet. Then, he sat on the desk, looking at his bookshelf filled to the brim. On the top shelf of the bookcase, there was a large trophy— an honor he received for "Best Pitcher" during a university baseball competition in his graduate school days. Yin had always felt proud of this, although he often played catch with Ye as a child, playing actual baseball only started in university. "Giving this trophy to Xiao Ye as a gift would probably make him very happy," Yin thought for a moment, but eventually gave up on the idea, considering the hassle of carrying such a big object. So, instead, Yin casually pulled a book from the shelf to pass the time during the trip.

"Let's set off."

"Click!" The door was locked. I always feel like something that should have been taken away was left behind on the other side of the door.
