# Chapter Five

On the way home, he suddenly thought it would be better to buy some fruits for his parents, so he found a good-looking fruit stall on the roadside. He forgot what fruits his parents liked, so he squatted down and tried to choose as many varieties as possible.

"Sir, how much is this pear per kilogram?"

This voice, just like the half-hour recording in his phone, is a voice he will never forget. He looked up and saw the side face that had been outlined countless times in his mind, as if he was stunned. He just looked quietly without speaking or getting up. The woman who was buying the pear took it and turned around, surprised to see the person staring at her. But soon, it turned into a gentle smile.

"You're back!"

He stood up, straightened his clothes, and then spoke.

"Well, it's been a long time. I didn't expect you to keep your hair so long."

"Yes, ladies look better with long hair. You've changed a lot too."

"Haha, handsome, right? Do you regret deciding to get rid of yourself so early!"

He said in a joking tone, his eyes unconsciously glanced at the ring on her left ring finger. As if the ring was too dazzling, he quickly moved his gaze away.

"Huh, you're still so narcissistic."

Her tone was a bit awkward, and he realized that some jokes couldn't be made anymore. For a while, he didn't know what to say. Somehow, he blurted out:

"You look pretty now."

"Thank you." She didn't know what to say to him either. It's been too long.

He was very annoyed that he had brought the topic to a dead end. At this time, she noticed the gray and white scarf he was wearing, which didn't match his clothes at all. She suggested to find a topic:

"You're still so casual in your dress, and the scarf doesn't look good."

He was stunned for a moment, staring straight at her, then suddenly laughed heartily, as if he had breathed a sigh of relief.

"But it's quite warm."

For a moment, it seemed that a certain emptiness in his heart was filled, and the stuck wheel of fate began to turn forward again. Perhaps he had been waiting for this moment in front of her for the past five years, to be able to laugh openly. The next moment, he was pushed forward by fate, and he thought he should have the courage to step into the future.
